Mithril update 2024-01-31 (#331)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-01-31-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-01-31-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing a new type of data for certifying the Cardano transactions set in Mithril networks: they completed the signature of the transactions set and they implememented the aggregator route which generates proofs of membership for a list of Cardano transactions. They also finished implementing the manual workflow to test the npm client package in the CI, and they improved the resilience of the computation of the list of immutable files in a Cardano node database. Additionally, the team extended the coverage of the end to end test in the CI to handle multiple versions of the Cardano node and different hard fork scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing a new data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks. They completed the signature of the transactions set and implemented the aggregator route, responsible for generating proofs of membership for a list of Cardano transactions. Additionally, they finalized the manual workflow to test the NPM client package in the CI and enhanced the resilience of computing the list of immutable files in a Cardano node database. The team also expanded the coverage of end-to-end tests in the CI to accommodate multiple versions of the Cardano node and various hard fork scenarios.
```

> Finally, they completed the enhanced node communications between Mithril and Cardano for retrieving UTxOs, and they kept working on the threat modeling and risk analysis for P2P networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they completed the enhanced node communications between Mithril and Cardano for retrieving UTXOs and kept working on the threat modeling and risk analysis for P2P networking.
```
